Added docs for number chart - average feature (#407)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/customize-pages-dashboards-and-plugins/dashboards/dashboards.md

| `Calculate By`    | `String` | Aggregate by either counting the entities or perform a function on a property. Possible values: `entities`, `property`                                                                                                                      | `entities` | `true`   |
| `Property`        | `String` | The number chart value will be the selected property's aggregated value (according to the chosen function). The `property` key is only available when `Calculate By` is equal to `property`                                                 | `null`     | `true`   |
| `Function`        | `String` | In case `Calculate By` is equal to `property` the options are: sum, min, max, average and median. <br/> In case `Calculate By` is equal to `entities` the options are: count and average.                                                   | `null`     | `true`   |
| `Average of`      | `String` | In case `Calculate By` is equal to `entities` the options are: hour, day ,week and month. <br/> In case `Calculate By` is equal to `property` the options are: hour, day, week, month and total (divide the sum by the number of entities). | `null`     | `true`   |

> | `Measure time by` | `String` | sed to specify an alternative property to use as the time property for the average calculation instead of the default field which is `createdAt`.                                                                                           | `null`     | `false`  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Measure time by` | `String` | Used to specify an alternative property to use as the time property for the average calculation instead of the default field which is `createdAt`.                                                                                           | `null`     | `false`  |
```

| ----------------- | -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | -------- |
| `Title`           | `String` | Metric title                                                                                                                                                                              | `null`     | `true`   |
| `Icon`            | `String` | Metric Icon                                                                                                                                                                               | `null`     | `false`  |
| `Description`     | `String` | Metric description                                                                                                                                                                        | `null`     | `false`  |

> | `Blueprint`       | `String` | The chosen blueprint from which related entities data is visualized from                                                                                                                  | `null`     | `true`   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Blueprint`       | `String` | The chosen blueprint from which related entities data is visualized                                                                                                                  | `null`     | `true`   |
```

| `Calculate By`    | `String` | Aggregate by either counting the entities or perform a function on a property. Possible values: `entities`, `property`                                                                    | `entities` | `true`   |

> | `Property`        | `String` | The metric value will be the selected property's aggregated value (according to the chosen function). The `property` key is only available when `Calculate By` equals to `property`       | `null`     | `true`   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Property`        | `String` | The metric value will be the selected property's aggregated value (according to the chosen function). The `property` key is only available when `Calculate By` is equal to `property`       | `null`     | `true`   |
```

| `Function`        | `String` | In case `Calculate By` is equal to `property` the options are: sum, min, max, average and median. <br/> In case `Calculate By` is equal to `entities` the options are: count and average. | `null`     | `true`   |

> | `Average of`      | `String` | The options are: hour, day, week, month and for `property` option in `Calculate By` field there is an extra option: total (divide sum by the number of entities).                         | `null`     | `true`   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Average of`      | `String` | In case `Calculate By` is equal to `entity` the options are: hour, day ,week and month. <br/> In case `Calculate By` is equal to `property` the options are: hour, day, week, month and total (divide the sum by the number of entities).                         | `null`     | `true`   |
```

Reviewer: @matanl490 please verify that this is correct after the fix

> | `Measure time by` | `String` | Any of the date type properties that exist in the selected blueprint can be used for the average calculation instead of the default field - `createdAt`                                   | `null`     | `false`  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Measure time by` | `String` | Used to specify an alternative property to use as the time property for the average calculation instead of the default field which is `createdAt`.                                   | `null`     | `false`  |
```

Reviewer: @matanl490 verify

| `Filters`         | `Array`  | Filters to include or exclude specific data based on Port's [search rules](../../search-and-query/search-and-query.md#rules)                                                              | []         | `false`  |
| `unit`            | `String` | The unit of the metric. Possible Values: `%`, `$`, `£`, `€`, `none`, `custom`                                                                                                             | `null`     | `true`   |
| `unitCustom`      | `String` | Text to display below the metric value. The `unitCustom` key is only available when `unit` equals to `custom`                                                                             | `null`     | `true`   |
| `unitAlignment`   | `String` | `left`, `right`, `bottom`.                                                                                                                                                                | `null`     | `true`   |

:::note

> When performing calculations of average time intervals, such as by hour, day, week, or month, it is important to note that any partial interval is considered as a full interval. This approach ensures consistency across different time units.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When performing calculations of average time intervals, such as by hour, day, week, or month, it is important to note that any partial interval is considered as a full interval. This approach ensures consistency across different time units.

For example, if the dataset includes information spanning across 2 hours and 20 minutes, but the selected average timeframe is `hour`, then the summed value will be divided by 3 hours (the amount of hours is rounded up in this example)
```

Reviewer: @matanl490 let me know what you think about this

Author: Looks good, i'll just remove this one `(the amount of hours is rounded up in this example)` 
Because it will be rounded up for all cases, not only in this example
